--- Page 1 ---
ANKIT GUPTA

E-MAIL: ankitgupta2594@qmail.com
Website: www.gupta-ankit.com

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankit-gupta-976b77194
Phone: +91-7566888319

OBJECTIVE

To be associated with an organization where | can develop myself professionally in a work
environment that offers continuous challenges, thereby enhancing my own skills as an
individual and act as a key player in the organization’s development.

SUMMARY

e Having almost 3 years of experience in Web Application Development and have passion to
solve challenging problems and want to contribute my potential in growth of the company.

e Exposure of both frontend and backend technologies (MERN stack).

e Experience in executing projects involving: REST API integration / creation, Building React
components using hooks, Creating Node JS servers using express, Mongo database creation
/ integrating using mongoose, User Interface & Usability and Built real time chat messaging
using socket.

e Technically Sophisticated Professional with almost 3 years of experience in the areas
of Software Development and Team Management.

e Adapt in end-to-end development of software applications from requirement analysis to
system study, designing, coding, testing, debugging, documentation and implementation.

e Strong algorithmic and debugging skills.

SKILLS
e React JS / Redux e Node JS
e JavaScript / ES6 e Next JS
e REST API creation / Integration e React Native
e Data source- Mongo DB / JSON e Graph QL
e Azure (CI/CD) e HTML/CSS

e Versioning tool - Git

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Engineering (BE) in Electronics & Communication Engineering, 2013 — 2017
from Oriental Institute of sc. & tech. affiliated to RGPV, Bhopal, India.

--- Page 2 ---
WORK EXPERIENCE

Mindtree Limited, Bengaluru, India
Nov 2017 — Present

Senior Engineer

Mindtree Limited is a multinational information technology and outsourcing company. The
company Specializes in Application Development and Maintenance, Data Analytics, Digital
Services, Enterprise Application Integration and Business Process Management, Engineering R&D,
Enterprise Application Services, Independent Testing, Infrastructure Management Services and IT
Strategy & Consulting.

Job Responsibilities (Full Stack Developer)-

Creating reusable React components using hooks.

Creation and Integration of REST API.

Performing client side validation efficiently.

Creating pages in Next JS (SSR / SSG)

Writing Graph QL queries and fragments to fetch data from content management
platform called Contentful.

Creating Node JS servers using express.

Creating Cl/CD pipelines in Azure.

Worked on a python script to format text using Google NLP.
Understanding of Mongo DB, Azure Cosmos, Google Firebase.
Beginner stage of React Native, Vue JS & Devops.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth :Dec 19, 1995
Nationality : Indian

Language : English

