--- Page 1 ---
Monisha Jegadeesan

SOFTWARE ENGINEER, GOOGLE

2015-2020

2015
2013
EE

Dec 2022 -
Present

Aug 2020 -
Nov 2022

May 2019 -
July 2019

May 2018 -
July 2018

Sep 2019 -
May 2020

May 2017 -
July 2017

[Publication
and Poster]

[Publication
and Poster]

[Poster]

[Filed Patent]

§) +91 9035212894

& monishaj.65@gmail.com
“fl monisha-jega.github. io
® monisha-jega

() monisha-jegadeesan

Education

Dual Degree (B.Tech + M.Tech) in Computer Science and Engineering

Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, India CGPA: 8.78
XII - Karnataka Board, KLE Society’s Independent PU College, Bangalore 97.30 %
X - ICSE, B P Indian Public School, Bangalore 96.33%

Professional Experience

Software Engineer, Level IV, Google LLC, New York
o Working on Keep, a notetaking editor in Google Workspace.

Software Engineer, Level IV, Google India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore

© Developing intelligent features for the Google Workspace Editors (Docs, Slides, Keep, etc) using my expertise on the
products’ client-side software, supporting tools and libraries, and natural language processing infrastructure.

o Using cutting-edge frontend tools like Web Assembly and Emscripten, and Google-internal technologies like j2Cl,
client-side cross-platform frameworks and build systems, to develop user-facing features such as spellcheck in encrypted
documents for five languages and writing style suggestions for English text.

© Formulating technical designs for independent end-to-end problems, driving cross-team collaboration, upholding software
reliability practices, technical-debt resolution and documentation, and proactively identifying areas of future work.

© Guiding junior engineers on programming and software design tasks to enable timely delivery of products to customers.

Software Engineering Intern, Google India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore

Worked on the Editors client-side software infrastructure to develop a user interface with control options to undo or provide
feedback on the correction and a logging framework, for the Google Docs text auto-correction feature.

Research Intern, Big Data Experience Labs, Adobe Research, Bangalore

Developed a mobile application for Text to Scene Conversion in Augmented Reality, based on novel research techniques
for prediction of three-dimensional object sizes and positions from textual features.

Research Experience

Paraphrase Generation with a Bilingual Model and Continuous Embeddings

Master's Thesis, Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University

Machinated a novel technique for paraphrase generation using the von Mises-Fisher (vMF) Loss on a transformer network,
and showed that it produces superior paraphrases as compared to the log-likelihood model by employing bilingual data to
induce zero-shot paraphrasing, guided by Prof. Yulia Tsvetkov.

Cognitive Approach to Natural Language Processing

Research Intern, Department of Computer Science and Automation, Indian Institute of Science (11Sc), Bangalore
Developed a cognitive text parser that combines syntactic and semantic approaches, to process textual data into cognitive
structural representations, to be used as a feature extractor for downstream NLP tasks, and demonstrated the correlation
of the extracted cognitive features with semantic and syntactic text features, guided by Prof. Veni Madhavan.

Publications and Patents

Improving the Diversity of Unsupervised Paraphrasing with Embedding Outputs (Paper, Poster)
Monisha Jegadeesan, Sachin Kumar, John Wieting, Yulia Tsvetkov

In Workshop on Multilingual Representation Learning,

The 2021 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP 2021)

Adversarial Demotion of Gender Bias in Natural Language Generation (Paper, Poster)

Monisha Jegadeesan

In ACM CODS-COMAD 2020 - Young Researchers’ Symposium

ARComposer: Authoring Augmented Reality Experiences through Text (Poster)

Sumit Kumar, Paridhi Maheshwari, Monisha Jegadeesan, Amrit Singhal, Kush Kumar Singh, Kundan Krishna
In ACM User Interface Software and Technology Symposium 2019 (ACM UIST 2019)

Visualizing Natural Language through 3D Scenes in Augmented Reality

Sumit Kumar, Paridhi Maheshwari, Monisha Jegadeesan, Amrit Singhal, Kush Kumar Singh, Kundan Krishna
Filed at the US PTO (Application Number: 16/247,235)

--- Page 2 ---
[Publication
and Poster]

July 2019 -
Dec 2019

March 2019 -
April 2019

Aug 2018 -
Dec 2018

July 2018 -
Dec 2018

Oct 2018 -
Nov 2018

Feb 2018 -
March 2018

Nov 2016 -
Dec 2016

Nov 2017

Sept2017 -
Oct 2017

Jan 2020 -
May 2020

[Statistical
Learning]
[Curriculum]
[Mathematics]

Languages
Tools

Leveraging Ontological Knowledge for Neural Language Models (Paper, Poster)

Ameet Deshpande, Monisha Jegadeesan
In ACM CODS-COMAD 2019 - Young Researchers’ Symposium

Projects

Graph Neural Networks for Extreme Summarization

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Formulated appropriate graph-based deep neural models for the Extreme Summarization (XSum) task with sentence-level
and/or document-level graphs, and obtained better performance than simple recurrent and hierarchical models.
Risk-Sensitivity in Multi-Armed Bandits

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Surveyed and implemented risk-sensitivity methods for stochastic bandit problems, and upgraded the Explore-Then-Commit
algorithm for VaR and cVaR measures with competent performance.

Leveraging Ontological Knowledge for Neural Language Models

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Incorporated Weight Initialization in learning word embeddings using the WordNet Ontology for a task in the Construction
domain, resulting in a faster convergence rate and better representation of domain-specific terms.

Multimodal Dialogue Generation

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Developed a deep neural model to establish the positive effect of domain features in the performance of image retrieval in
multimodal dialogue systems and explored the performance of attention and memory-based models with adaptations for
multimodal dialogue and domain knowledge integration.

Risk-Sensitive Reinforcement Learning

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Empirically analyzed the existing methods for risk-sensitive reinforcement learning, tested the effectiveness of modified
versions and proposed a new distance-based risk measure and algorithm for Gridworld.

Summarization and Keyword Extraction using TextRank

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Analysed the TextRank algorithm for keyword extraction with syntactic filters and augmentation via Explicit Semantic
Analysis, and for text summarization with exploration of various textual similarity methods.

Scaling Graph Algorithms

Indian Institute of Technology Madras

Implemented optimized graph algorithms for maximum network flow and finding a maximum matching in a bipartite graph
for real data graphs with up to 10,000 vertices and 100,000 edges.

Skin Disease Diagnostic System

Microsoft code.fun.do Contest, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
Designed a web application that attempts to diagnose skin diseases based on images of the user’s skin powered by a deep
neural model trained on a dataset created by scraping images from the web.

Breakout Game

Indian Institute of Technology Madras
Developed an Android application for the Breakout game with basic playing and scoring features.

Teaching Experience

Natural Language Processing - Course Teaching Assistant, /ndian Institute of Technology Madras

o Designed and evaluated theoretical and practical assignments on various topics in Natural Language Processing.

© Presented lectures on Edit Distance and the Cocke-Young-Kasami (CYK) algorithm, to a class of 70 students.

o Mentored sixteen pairs of students on research projects, with supervision through regular team-wise progress meetings.

Courses

Advanced Deep Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Reinforcement Learning,
Multi-Armed Bandits, Probabilistic Graphical Models, Computational Models of Cognition

Computer Networks, Database Systems, Operating Systems, Data Structures and Algorithms, Object-Oriented Programming
Probability-Statistics-Stochastic Processes, Discrete Mathematics, Linear Algebra, Graph Theory

Skills

C, C++, C#, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Web Assembly
Unity, ARCore, Android Studio, Stanford CoreNLP, Git, Bootstrap, jQuery, Emscripten, Blaze, j2Cl

--- Page 3 ---
Libraries

June 2019

June 2016 -
Dec 2016
PC

Cultural
Sports

NLTK, django, scipy, pandas, sklearn, gensim, keras, tensorflow, pytorch

Scholastic Achievements

© First runner-up in the AWS Deep Learning Hackathon held during Shaastra 2018, IIT Madras:

Developed a prototype for image-translation of English text on signboards and posters into vernacular languages.
o State Rank 17 in Karnataka Common Entrance Test for Engineering, 2015, out of approximately 1.2 lakh students.
© Topped respective academic institutions in both Class X and Class XII board exams.

Positions of Responsibility

Organizer, Management Team, Tech Intern Connect, Google India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore
o Member of the central managing committee that organized a networking event hosting technology interns from the city.

Technical Operations Coordinator, Shaastra 2017, Indian Institute of Technology Madras
© Developed the front-end components of major websites and internal portals for the annual technical fest of IIT Madras.

Extra Curricular Activities

Trained in and have performed the Indian classical dance form of Bharatanatyam for eight years.

Part of NSO (Institute Sports) Basketball during the first year of engineering (2015-2016).

