--- Page 1 ---
ROBERT SMITH

Junior Full stack Developer

info@qwikresume.com | https://Qwikresume.com

Full stack development/ front-end development position emphasizing strong web
UI (angular.js, node.js, dojo, JavaScript, html5, css3, etc.) And general full-stack
development skills including J2EE and databases. Bring to the team a solid track
record of success in the delivery of software applications, hands-on experience,
and diverse industry background. Equally strong in the front end web UI, middle-
tier and back-end technologies.

MARCH 2014 - AUGUST 2015
JUNIOR FULL STACK DEVELOPER - ABC CORPORATION

201

Responsibilities Define architecture and present to customer technology
managers.

Participate with Functional Requirement team to understand requirement.
Responsible for the implementation of Web Design based on CSS3, HTML4,
XHTML, Bootstrap, React JS and AngularJS.

Design Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular.js,
and Node.js Extensively used extJS with Rich User Interface for presentation tier
development.

Developed very rich user interface with Rich Faces, ajax4jsf tags and MS Excel
for template design.

Developed token based authentication system using Spring Security.
Implemented Backbone.js and React.Js to create a dynamically changing
website.

1 - 2014

FULL STACK DEVELOPER - ABC CORPORATION

Developed and maintained custom content management systems, cross
browser web designs, WordPress solutions and WordPress themes for over 50
clients.

Designed/developed new features in object-oriented PHP and JavaScript/jQuery.
Developed new and improved upon existing PHP web applications for data
presentation and input.

Integrated content management systems.

Designed and developed companys new employee check-in/checkout system.
Skills Used PHP, MySQL, Linux, WordPress, XHTML, CSS3, Java,
JavaScript/jQuery, Ajax, JSON.

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your
current role.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


--- Page 2 ---
EDUCATION

Master of Science in Computer Science - (Texas A & M University)

SKILLS

Java Development, C/C++, Python, SQL Server 2012, HTML, XML, JavaScript, IT-
Related tasks, Math/Accounting, Microsoft Office.

