--- Page 1 ---
Lead Software Engineer, Architect, Scrum Master SKILLS

Technical Skills:
Software architect with 11+ years of experience in leading teams of engineers in

designing, developing and delivering high-quality, scalable cloud-based software
products promptly and under budget.

e Web Development
e Software Architecture

e Event Driven Architecture

RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE * Event Sourcing
e Requirements Analysis
. . e Object-Oriented
ArtBanx AG, Zurich, Switzerland :
ArtTech startup focused on providing revolutionary, industry-leading technologies to make o litnelsrernmacnes koe)
art a bankable asset class, unlock its value and empower financial decisions when trading ¢ Scrum Master
art.

e Software Project

. . e Management
Team Leader, Senior Software Engineer 03/2022 — Present

Project 1: artbanx.io

e Supervised a team of 12 software engineers who developed and maintained an Software Languages:

enterprise-level web application with Big Data processing of over 1M artworks . EE

daily.
e Teamed with 6 software engineers and lead the designs of integrations for three main * Kotlin

platform products (shipping, payments and KYC), the first month on the job. + Groovy

+ CSharp
e Implemented Software Guidelines, Static Code checks and Development Standards + TypeScript
that improved Software Quality by 80%. - SQL

e Slashed manual work actions on the infrastructure by 76% via enhanced CICD

Dart
pipelines and automation jobs developed with the DevOps Engineer.
Project 2: arkefi.com Development Technologies:
e Lead the backend team to deliver a pilot project showcasing the capabilities of + Spring Framework
finance and blockchain cooperation. Build the backend platform on ASP.NET Core - Ktor

with integration to the blockchain using TypeScript backend services and React.js

. + ASP.NET Core
as a frontend client

+ ASP.NET Blazor
Project 3: Redesigned artbanx.io

Deno
e —_ Building a new and improved version of the current ArtBanx Collection Fastyfi
management system. Build an entirely new platform on the ASP.NET Core stack Baresi
with Blazor pages, improving on the predecessor, fixing some of the architecture a
eact..
and design decisions that have been made while developing the first version of the
+ Flutter
system.
Kubernetes
Build the entire infrastructure for the new platform running on-prem with Docker .
. . os . . Hyperleader Fabric
Swarm, using Portainer for monitoring and GitOps operations.
Portainer
+ ARGO CD
+ GitLab Cl
* GitHub Actions
Kafka Stack
- AWS Cloud

- Google Cloud Platform
Database Technologies:
PostgreSQL
MongoDB
DynamoDB
+ CouchDB

+ Oracle

--- Page 2 ---
Raiffeisen Bank, Ukraine (Remote) commissioned by BlueSoft
Building a new modern mobile app for Raiffeisen Bank Ukraine customers.

09/2021 - 0/2022
e Leadateam of 7 cross platform developers (iOS, Android and Backend) on
building a new platform for mobile banking.
e Working closely with the Security Team to design security-proof features.
e Introduced new features, deployed new CMS system for the business.
e Managed development cycles of the team.
PANKE Car Sharing S.A. commissioned by ITDS,

Warsaw, Poland
A leader in the rental and car sharing of cars and vans in Poland.

Architect, Team Leader

03/2021 — 09/2021

Architect, Team Leader

e Lead a team of 10 who developed an entirely new car sharing and rental
platform for the organization.

e Defining each team member with specific roles and responsibilities, making
itateam effort to deliver the platform in the best way.

e Redesigned the new microservice-based architecture to adopt Design
Patterns and Event-Driven technics.

e Migrated all 30 projects to new, more modern build tools like Gradle,
improving build times by 60%.

e Introduced advanced testing techniques for mocking and_ testing
communication with external services in tests. Decreasing testing time
execution by 40%, making tests fully independent from external factors.

e Migrating all 30 projects to GitLab from AWS CodeCommit, enabling full
control over code reviews, improving code quality by introducing static code
analyzers and proper CICD pipelines.

e Managed the delivery of the entire platform infrastructure build by an
external company. Creating proper communication channels with well-
defined rules and responsibilities between the development team and the
DevOps improving cooperation by 87%. Before the two barely were able to
cooperate.

Amvox International commissioned by ITDS,
Warsaw, Poland

FinTech with a soul purpose of creating a transparent and secure connection between
banking, Renewable energy sources and financial institutions.

Architect, Team Leader, Scrum Master 02/2020 — 03/2021

e Lead the company from the technology side. Created both the company
road map and vision of the product from a technology and architecture
perspective. Building a team of 6 developers to create a blockchain based
platform for real time reporting and monitoring. Connecting banking and
financial institutions with renewable energy sources operators.

e Cooperating with potential partners and clients, preparing platform pilots
showcasing key features that would be in demand to the consumers.

e Working with the Product Owner on creating the platform road map.

Languages

- English (Advanced)
- Polish (Native)
- German (Elementary)

EDUCATION

Polish-Japanese Academy
of Information Technology
Master Degree in Software
Engineering

Warsaw, Poland
2013-2015

Silesian University of
Technology

Bachelor Degree in Computer
Science (taught in English)

Gliwice, Poland
2008 - 2012

OTHER

e AWS Certified Solutions
e Architect

e AWS Certified Solutions
e Architect Professional

e Professional Scrum Master |

--- Page 3 ---
Creating company development guidelines. Cooperating with the team to
ensure best practices. Mentoring team members, initiating discussions to
find alternative solution approaches.

e Used the ADR methodology to ensure transparency and clear vision of the
architecture.

e Build an end-2-end automated testing framework allowing deploy the
environment on an independent environment and test our critical features
before deployments/review/presentations.

e Build the off-chain infrastructure based on AWS Fargate, deployed with
GitLab CICD pipelines, while the on-chain part of the system would be
deployed on an AWS EKS cluster managed by our Argo CD instance.

e Building a true team atmosphere, encouraging each team member to speak

freely and taking initiatives whenever there is place.

Banyan Infrastructure, commissioned by ITDS
San Francisco, United States
Architect, Team Leader, Scrum Master 08/2019 — 02/2020

e Tasked with building a Polish development hub (starting of 3 developers and
a business analyst) that purpose would be to collaborate with the US based
team and build a project for injesting data to the platform and private
blockchain network.

e Closely worked with the company CTO, introduced the ADR concept to
persist our architecture decisions.

e Working with the Product Owner on creating the platform road map.

e Audit the existing solution build in Haskell, created critical issues and road
map to ensure critical platform issues are resolved.

e Ensuring best practices are met when developing the platform, mentoring
team members on correct usage of design and architecture platforms, TDD
and usage of RDS maintained tools like Flyway.

e Migrated the platform to use Flyway for schema management.

e Created automated backups of the PostgreSQL on a regular basis.

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE

Circle K Europe, commissioned by j-labs
Warsaw, Poland
Senior Software Engineer 06/2016 - 08/2019

Software Engineer
Altkom Software & Consulting, Warsaw, Poland 08/2014 - 05/2016

Software Engineer
Acxiom Global Service Center Poland, Warsaw, Poland 01/2012 - 08/2014

Software Engineer (Internship)
Samsung R&D, Warsaw, Poland 06/2012 — 09/2012

