--- Page 1 ---
Robert Smith CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama

Python Developer (123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Good experience of software development in Python and IDEs - sublime SKILLS
text, PyCharm. Experience in Python, Robot Framework. Technical DJANGO, HTML, JQuery,
experience in supporting applications which use an object-oriented MYSQL, PYTHON
programming language (Java). Experience in using Pandas python libraries
during development lifecycle. Excellent experience with Python
development under Linux OS (Ubuntu). Experienced in writing SQL
Queries, Stored procedures, functions, packages, tables, views, triggers. LANGUAGES
English (Native)
WORK EXPERIENCE French (Professional)

Spanish (Professional)
Python Developer
Varite Inc - April 2014 - Present

Responsibilities: INTERESTS
« Involve in the developmentof the application using Python 3. 3, HTML5, Climbing
CSS3, AJAX, JSon and JQuery. Snowboarding
" Developed the applications using DJANGO 1. 7 MTV framework which is Scenic
based on model template view design pattern.
« Extensively used DJANGO technologies, which includes forms, templates
and orm for communication with database in different forms. REFERENCES

« Extensively used interceptors, validators, actions using DJANGO1. 7
framework. Reference - 1 (Company

« Used perforce version control system and Python Tools for Visual Name)
. Reference - 2 (Company
Studio(PTVS) IDE. Name)

*" Create and write result reports in different formats like txt, csv, xls, and
JSon.
« Worked on CSV files while trying to get input from the MySQL database.

Python Developer
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2014
Responsibilities:

« Wrote python scripts to parse xml documents and load the data in the
database.

« Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for
east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval.

« Was involved in the environment, code installation as well as the svn
implementation.

« Cleaned data and processed third-party spending data into
maneuverable deliverables within specific formats with excel macros
and python libraries.

« Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the
data.

« Collaborated with internal teams to convert end user feedback into
meaningful and improved solutions.

« This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript
manipulations, bootstrap for the front-end html layout.

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


--- Page 2 ---
Education

Masters in Computer Science in Computer Science - (Stanford
University, Stanford )

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines


