--- Page 1 ---
Surya Teja Menta

Data Scientist / ML Engineer / Al Engineer

“ +91 8309584461 @ mentasuryateja oO Surya-Teja-Menta in) surya-teja-menta ® suryatejamenta.co.in

Address: 3-12-16, Kotha Bazar, Kavali (524201), Andhra Pradesh, India

Summary

I’m Surya Teja Menta, an experienced professional with 3 years in Data Science & ML. Industrial
background in data analysis and ML as a Data Analyst. Al/ML project expertise on GitHub. Certified IBM Professional
Data Scientist with a Computer Science & Engineering degree. Adept in scientific models, statistics, and passionate
about Al/ML knowledge-sharing through blogs.

Work Experience

- Senior Data Scientist - Robert Bosch (Jan 2024 - preset)

Worked on different levels of Al systems. Trained the Custom YOLOv8 Model on custom dataset for Customer Use
Case and Deployed successfully. Working on Signal processing and applying the ML algos on sensor Vibration data.
Building different levels of RAG pipelines for different kinds of data (pdfs, csv. excel, tabular and image). working on
different levels of Gen Al and fine-tuning the LLMs.

- Subject Matter Expert (Data Analyst) - Tudip Technologies (Oct 2020 - Oct 2023)

During my tenure of 3 years as a Data Analyst at Tudip, | collaborated with Google on the Google LX project. My role
encompassed crafting analytics dashboards and reports using Google Datastudio for a content management
platform. | also enhanced project efficiency by implementing NLP Transformer (BART) for text generation tasks and
deployed the docker image in Google Cloud Run and then Google Sheet Integration to make it available for
everyone. The team's dedication earned us the Best Team Award for the most client appreciations received.

Projects
1. Github Automated Analysis (OpenAl, Langchain, LLM)

Automated Complexity Analysis: Engineered a Python tool using GPT and LangChain to pinpoint intricate GitHub
repositories. Memory Optimization: Implemented efficient memory management for processing extensive files while
adhering to token limits. Enhanced Complexity Scoring: Utilized prompt engineering to elevate accuracy in
evaluating repository complexity, refining the precision of the tool.

2. Re-Enhance.Al (Opencv, ESRGAN, Pytorch)

The Re-Enhance.Al project is a set of tools and algorithms that can be used to improve the quality of your
Image for Space & Research Purposes. Even though the model accepts only images with (256x256x3) dimensions,
this framework manages the higher dimensions by Split and Send Policy.

3. Al - CAPS (Streamlit, Text-speech-Text)

This Project is to recognize the Voice (Speech - to - text)and then translate the voice to another 18 Languages using
Streamlit. This app allows you to record your voice/choose an audio file, Visualize the embedding of the speaker,
Synthesize speech based on the recorded voice and, Text Translation

4. QA_Summerization (Huggingface,OpenAl)
This is a QA and summarization Web App built on Streamlit that allows you to quickly and easily create a
Paraphrasing and summarization of your QA data. The main features of the app are: Paraphrasing & Summarization

--- Page 2 ---
Professional skills

Knowledge: Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep, NLP & CV, LLMs, GPT

Languages: Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, Web development,SQL, NoSQL

Frameworks: Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, Langchain

Cloud: GCP Cloud Run, Amazon Sage Maker(AWS) basic

Libraries: Numpy, Pandas, Sklearn, Spacy, NLTK, Opencv, Matplotlib / Seaborn, scipy

Tools: Jupyter notebooks, docker, GitHub, Git, Google DataStudio

Others: Statistics & Probability, Calculus, Mathematics, Linear Algebra, Worked on Complex Datasets, Statistical
Analysis, Data Mining, Model Building and Deploying, Hypothesis Testing, Data Analytics.

Education

Bachelor's Degree(CS) - PBR VITS, Kavali, AP (June 2016 - May 2020)

| have done my Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with 78.3%. | have participated in paper
presentations and won prizes too.

HSC - Narayana Junior College, Kavali, AP (June 2014 - May 2016)
| have completed my HSC education with a 92.5%

SSC - Kranthi EM School, Kavali, AP (June 2004 - May 2014)
| have done my schooling with 87%. | also participated in school dramas, sports, etc.

Certificates & Courses
e IBM Professional Data Scientist Certificate

e Advanced Deep Learning course in Ineuron.Al
e Python & Web Development

Soft Skills

Analytical Thinking: Demonstrated through experience in data analysis, statistical techniques, and training on
complex datasets.

Problem Solving: Interpret data, Implementing algorithms, and finding solutions. used problem-solving skills to
solve challenges.

Collaboration: Highlighted by working with Google on the Google LX Project, collaborating with clients, and creating
analytics dashboards and reports to meet their requirements.

Communication: Evident through writing Al/ML blogs, presenting papers, and effectively communicating complex
concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.

Continuous Learning: Exhibited by pursuing advanced courses and certifications in data science, machine learning,
and deep learning.

Adaptability: learning new technologies, and actively contributing to Al/ML communities. I'm tech savvy.

Time Management: Proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines

