--- Page 1 ---
Yellenki Ritheesh Baradwaj

Software Engineer
+917095195154, +818049694093| ritheeshbaradwaj@gmail.com | Linkedin| GitHub | Medium

Summary

Delivered high-quality and efficient applications that met project requirements and industry standards, with 2+ years of experience
as a software engineer. Proficient in Python and C++, with a proven track record of automating processes that improved productivity
by 25% and developing high-performance applications with low latency. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability
to work independently and in cross-functional teams. Proficient in multiple programming languages, experienced in software
development life cycle, agile methodologies, and testing.

Education

e VNR Vignana Jyothi Institute of Engineering and Technology Jun 2016 — Sep 2020
Bachelor of Technology — BTech, Electronics and Communication Engineering GPA: 9.62

e SR Junior College Jun 2014 — Mar 2016
Intermediate, MPC Percentage: 98%

e Sharadaniketan High School Jun 2011 — Apr 2014
SSC GPA: 9.80

Work Experience

DENSO Sep 2020 - Present
Software Engineer Aichi, Japan

e Developed software components for Intelligent Mobility by efficiently analyzing business and technical requirements and
overseeing design, implementation, debugging, and maintenance phases in collaboration with project team.

e Contributed to the development of CORE and LOG functionalities for the Vehicle Computer's runtime environment, leveraging my
knowledge of data structures and algorithms to optimize performance and functionality.

e Implemented asynchronous feature support with Future, Promise for CORE component adhering AUTOSAR standards.

e Enhanced LOG & Trace component by implementing efficient external configuration parsing with robust error handling and
reporting mechanisms, resulting in improved performance and reduced potential failure impact.

e Improved product quality to meet ASIL B targets through software analysis, unit testing (with a 100% success rate), binary testing,
and component testing, resulting in a 30% reduction in defects.

e Developed python test framework using Paramiko and Pytest that reduced code duplication by 50%, improved the code quality
and automated complete testing process, saving an average of 2 hours per day for developers.

e = Resolved critical bugs, ensuring 100% on-time delivery of the product at the end of each Program Increment.

Prymatica Jul 2020 — Aug 2020
Junior Python Developer (Freelance) Tel Aviv, Israel

e Developed and deployed a web server using Flask on the Google Cloud Platform for tracking customer email communications.
e Implemented a client-side application to retrieve data from the server and MYSQL database, facilitating efficient data retrieval.
e Optimized the email sending framework by migrating from functional programming to an object-oriented structure.

NCR Corporation Jan 2020 — Jun 2020
Software Intern Hyderabad, India

e = Built and implemented a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline for a Machine Learning Application using
Jenkins and GitHub Actions, resulting in streamlined development and deployment processes.
e Gained expertise in DevOps practices and tools by working in the DevOps team and studying CI/CD concepts.

--- Page 2 ---
e Contributed to the open-source community by publishing a GitHub Action on GitHub Marketplace, which automated the
workflow of training and testing the Machine Learning model, creation of web server with Flask, and deploying the application
on Google Application Engine.

Skills

e Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Java

e Database, Web & Testing Frameworks: Flask, Django, Google Test, Pytest, HTML, CSS, SQL

e DevOps Knowledge, Git/GitHub

e Cloud Platforms: GCP, AWS Services, Heroku

e Operating Systems: Linux, QNX

e §©Willingness to Learn, Strategy & Execution, Team Building, Collaboration, and Communication.

Certifications & Courses

e Become a Django Developer, by LinkedIn, 2023

e C++ Essential Training, Advanced Topics, by LinkedIn, 2022
e §6Certified SAFe® 5 Practitioner, by Scaled Agile Inc, 2022

e Infosys Certified Python Programmer, by Infosys, 2019

Projects
DocMan - Snoring Analysis github.com/RitheeshBaradwaj/DocMan-SnoringAnalysis
Software Developer Feb 2019 - Jan 2020

e Technologies used: Python, Signal Processing, Machine Learning, React JS.

e Conducted a survey which showed that people who snore are unaware of its consequences if left undiagnosed and untreated.

e Developed an application called DocMan that enables the user to determine the stage of Obstructive Sleep Apnea by analyzing
the recorded snoring signal using Signal Processing, Machine Learning.

Meme - Generator github.com/developers-cosmos/Meme-Generator
Python Developer Apr 2020 - May 2020

e Technologies used: Python, HTML, CSS, Flask, Cloud Engine, Chef.
e Developed an interactive web framework to recognize the facial expression, generate a random meme on the given image, and
render the same back to the user.

Awards & Honors

¢ Recognized for outstanding innovation and creativity through 10+ awards, including the Best Innovation Award in hackathons and
project competitions hosted by esteemed organizations such as BITS Pilani, DENSO, VNR VJIET, and CIE MLRIT.

¢ Achieved finalist status among 20,000 candidates in the Deloitte TechnoUtsav 2.0 event in 2019 for the DocMan — Snoringproject.

¢ Honored with the Academic Excellence Award for 2 consecutive years (2016-2018) during graduation.

Activities

e Authored and published over 10 articles on Medium for prominent publications such as Towards Data Science, Towards Al, and
FAUN, sharing my expertise and insights on topics related to DevOps, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.

e Established Developer Cosmos, an open-source community on GitHub with over 40 projects, aimed at fostering collaboration and
learning among students by encouraging them to share their ideas, projects, and learnings.

e Published a research journal titled “Smart Glasses for Blind - A Personal Assistant using Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence” (ISSN
0005-0601) as part of graduation and received the best project grade.


