--- Page 1 ---
CONTACT

Phone: (316) 796-2215

Email:
leningaldamezbusiness@gmail.com
Location: Wichita, KS

Portfolio: httos://leningaldamez.com/

EDUCATION

Butler Community College
Associates of Applied Science
Majored in Web Development
2021-2023

Andover, KS

SKILLS

e Proficient in the following web
development languages and
frameworks: HTML, CSS, Tailwind
CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Sass,
Bootstrap, jQuery, and SQL
Responsive Web Design

User Interface (Ul) Development
Cross-browser Compatibility
Version Control (e.g., Git)
Problem Solving &
Troubleshooting

e Collaborative Teamwork

Lenin Galdamez
Front-End Web Developer

SUMMARY/OBJECTIVE

Dedicated front-end developer with an Associate's degree and a strong
foundation in a variety of front-end languages and frameworks. Passionate
about creating intuitive and visually appealing user interfaces, adept at
translating design concepts into responsive and functional web
applications. Proven ability to collaborate effectively in team environments
and adapt quickly to emerging technologies, aiming to contribute expertise
in crafting engaging digital experiences.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Booze Bashers Game
Web Developer, Andover, KS, Aug 2022- May 2023
e Led the development of the landing page for the Booze Bashers
web game, a collaborative capstone project. The project involved
designing and creating a web presence to promote the game and
provide an engaging user experience.
e As the web developer and designer for the project, | was
responsible for:

- Creating an interactive and visually appealing landing page using
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

- Implementing responsive design principles to ensure optimal
user experience across various devices and screen sizes.

- Collaborating with team members to integrate game-related
content and assets into the web page.

- Conducting usability testing to gather feedback and make
iterative improvements to the landing page.

UserTesting
Product Tester, Remote, May 2023 - Present
e Contributed to the UserTesting team for the past year, gaining
valuable experience in usability testing and quality assurance
processes.
e |conducted usability tests and provided feedback on digital
products in order to identify and document user experience issues
and software defects.

