--- Page 1 ---
Muhammad Hilmi Asyrofi
3 mhilmiasyrofi@gmail.com | % (+65) 85472451

©) github.com/mhilmiasyrofi | £9 linkedin.com/in/mhilmiasyrofi/ | Portfolio | Google Scholar
Fa Architecting Machine Learning in the Cloud | Kaggle Data Science Expert | Certified Solution Architect

QUALIFICATION SUMMARY
e Over 5 years of experience as a Machine Learning Engineer, specializing in transforming
complex challenges into business-driven solutions leveraging data science.

e Expert in software development and cloud-based machine learning, with a track record of
leading cross-functional teams to deliver high-impact & scalable projects.

e Committed to continuous learning by staying at the forefront of technology through active
engagement in industry events, while balancing my life with passions like tennis and golf.

EXPERIENCES
Machine Learning Engineer Singapore
PropertyGuru - Data Science Center of Excellence Jun 2022 - present

e Regional Dynamic Pricing System: Architected an automated pricing system, boosting operational efficiency
and increasing update frequency from bi-weekly to daily, optimizing market responsiveness. [ref]

e Enterprise Data Product: Collaborated with cross-functional teams to commercialize data science projects,
including an Automated Valuation Model for banks and real estate consultants. [ref]

e Address Matching System: Developed an advanced NLP-based system that matches external client addresses
with internal address records, improving matching accuracy by over 70%.

e Business Metrics Framework: Spearheaded the integration of online metrics into DS projects, directly
aligning pricing algorithms with revenue goals and enhancing reliability by reducing volatility by over 90%.

e Innovation: Promoted Generative AI capabilities to internal stakeholders for business adoptions, including
RAG for chatbot use cases and multi-modal Gen AI for image-text moderation.

AI Research Engineer Singapore

School of Computing and Information System, Singapore Management University | Nov 2019 - May 2022

e Contributed to cutting-edge research on Software Engineering for AI-Enabled Systems (SE4AI) supervised
by ACM Distinguished Scientist Prof David Lo, Director of Information Systems & Technology Cluster

e Published 7 papers in top-tier international conferences and journals, 1.e., IEEE TSE (Ql, CCF Rank A,
Impact Factor: 9.32), ACM ESEC/FSE (CORE A*), IEEE ICSME (CORE A), and IEEE SANER (CORE A)

e Pioneered the adoption of Dockerized environments to manage ML projects on Nvidia DGX AI Supercomputer

Co-Founder & CTO Indonesia

Alinamed - Pitch Deck, Playstore Jan 2019 - Jul 2020

e Managed the end-to-end software development lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design,
implementation, code review, testing, deployment, maintenance, and feedback & improvement.

e Led the selection of programming languages, frameworks, cloud services, and databases.

e Won prestigious startup competitions, e.g., 18t Winner at WMM by Bank Mandiri, and Winner at Tech-
to-Impact by UK-ID Tech Hub. Secured IDR 750 million funding from Telkom Indonesia.

EDUCATION
Institut Teknologi Bandung (ITB) Indonesia
Bachelor of Computer Science 2015 - 2019

e Graduated Cum Laude with a GPA 3.68 / 4.00

e Recognized as an inspiring graduate for academic excellence and extracurricular achievements. [ref]

Page | of 2

--- Page 2 ---
HONORS & AWARDS

2022 Bronze Medal | Top 7% (170 from 2,654) | Evaluating Written Essays | NLP | Kaggle Leaderboard
The challenge was to assess the language proficiency of students by analyzing their written essays. I leveraged
DeBERTa language models to extract the feature embeddings from the essays. Then, I trained neural network layers
to predict the proficiency scores from extracted features.

2021 Silver Medal | Top 5% (101 from 2,426) | Shopee Product Matching | NLP + CV | Kaggle Leaderboard
The task was predicting similar e-commerce products by using product images and titles. I utilized EfficientNet and
NFNet to extract feature embeddings from images and utilized BERT and TFIDF to extract feature embeddings
from texts. I calculated the cosine distance between products and employed k-NN to find similar products

2021 Top 3% (28 from 1,034) | Information Extraction - Shopee Data Science Challenge | Kaggle Leaderboard
The challenge was extracting Point of Interest (POI) names and street names from unformatted Indonesia addresses
collected by Shopee. I framed the challenge as NER (Named Entity Recognition), where POI and street are the
extracted entities. Then, I fine-tuned the IndoNLU model on the customized dataset.

2011 Bronze Medal | Mathematics Competition at 2"! National Science Camp | Certificate
Awarded by Ministry of Education - Indonesia

CERTIFICATIONS
AWS AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate
Credential ID: ECHZM6M1XEE4QDSB

Deeplearning.AI Neural Network and Deep Learning
Credential ID: D3GK6SD6Y5TG

Deeplearning.AI Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter Tuning, Regularization and Optimization
Credential ID: SGC98U3G8K6P

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Python, C++, Java, PHP, JavaScript, HTML, React, Golang, C, C#

Cloud AWS Amazon Web Services, GCP Google Cloud Platform

ML Library Scikit-Learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, OpenCV

Database BigQuery, MongoDB, DocumentDB, MySQL

CI/CD Github Action, Buildkite, ArgoCD

Data Pipeline Airflow, Google Cloud Composer, AWS MWAA

SRE DataDog, AWS CloudWatch, StatusCake

Tool Git, Docker, Kubernetes, FastAPI, ElasticSearch, Lambda
PUBLICATIONS

Muhammad Hilmi Asyrofi, Yang Zhou, Imam Nur Bani Yusuf, Hong Jin Kang, Ferdian Thung, and David Lo. “BiasFinder:
Metamorphic Test Generation to Uncover Bias for Sentiment Analysis Systems”. [EEE Transaction on Software
Engineering (Q1, CCF Rank A, Impact Factor 9.32). PDF GitHub DOI

Zhou Yang, Jieke Shi, Muhammad Hilmi Asyrofi, and David Lo. “Revisiting Neuron Coverage Metrics and Quality of
Deep Neural Networks”. 28th IEEE International Conference on Software Analysis, Evolution and Reengineering
(SANER). Honolulu, Hawai. March 2022. PDF GitHub DOI

Muhammad Hilmi Asyrofi, Zhou Yang, Jieke Shi, Chu Wei Quan, and David Lo. “Can Differential Testing Improve
Automatic Speech Recognition Systems?”. 37th IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and
Evolution (ICSME). Luxembourg. September 2021. PDF GitHub DOI

Zhou Yang, Harshit Jain, Jieke Shi, Muhammad Hilmi Asyrofi, and David Lo. “BiasHeal: On-the-Fly Black-Box Healing
of Bias in Sentiment Analysis Systems”. 37th IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution
(ICSME). Luxembourg. September 2021. PDF GitHub DOI

Google Scholar for more publications

INTERPERSONAL SKILLS
2018 Granted Scholarship from Rumah Amal Salman ITB. Recognized as a top 10 awardee for capacity
building and leadership development.

2017 — Selected for leadership training by Siam Cement Group (SCG), focusing on fundamental leadership
concepts and interpersonal skills.

I declare the details stated to be true and complete.
(This resume is updated on September 17", 2024)

Page 2 of 2

