--- Page 1 ---
Wagner Caetano

wagnercaetano01@gmail.com л
Linkedin * wagnercaetano.dev
+55 (19) 982252438 л Brazil

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Developed and implemented software solutions as a Full-stack Software Developer, leveraging
frontend and backend expertise. Used to act in different product scopes at the same time, handling
data crossover and maintaining flow compatibility. While working for a health insurance company
and one of the biggest banks in Brazil, created exceptional products, driving revenue growth, and
optimizing user experiences. Seeking role to apply technical skills and contribute to frontend
technologies.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mid-Software Developer Jul 2021 - Present
CI&T * Campinas, Brazil

вл Designed and developed code for 3 products at the same time, which has crossover points,
so had to carefully ensuring that wouldnТt have any bugs.

в Started learning how to test mobile accessibility and vulnerability improving the experience
of customers (almost 10% of Brazilian population have a disability) interactions with the
products.

л Assess information to propose and strategize the implementation of new features or
alterations to existing ones, communicate technical specifications to the team and delegate
tasks and assisting if necessary.

в Orchestrate backend solutions between different data sources, reduced one of those
flows in % of execution time.

в Maintain and improve Cl/CD implementation, mostly pipelines/services, added layers of testing
ensuring 80%-90% of coverage.

в Setup backend services like 3 BFFs, a few AWS services, caching, API gateway, configuration
persistence.

л Analyze production environment incidents and provide possible solutions to mitigate impact.

Junior Software Developer Mar 2021 - Jun 2021
CI&T * Campinas, Brazil

в Evaluated simple interrelationships between programs, such as whether a
contemplated change in one part of a program would cause unwanted results in a
related part.

вл Developed at every level of a testing pyramid, since unit testing, mutant test until
developing cypress integration tests.

в Created fully customized Angular components following UX prototyping, ensuring best
practices of loosely coupled structure and easy maintainability.

в Understood better how to write, modify, integrate and test software code for Internet and
mobile applications.

л Influenced others on learning and implementing better code quality achieving less product
bugs.

л Joined a team developing products for schedule and attend medical appointments online, this
product had more than 20 users accessing per minute and tremendous impact in the company.

--- Page 2 ---
Intern Software Developer Feb 2020 - Feb 2021
CI&T * Campinas

л Learned best practices of coding, testing and architecture to produce a software, especially
about clean arch and angular components.

л Acted on more than 10 product incidents, searching logs at Graylog, understanding bugs and
helping the final client, with help.

в Introduced in different meetings and rituals of Agile, got knowledge of basic squad metrics,
understood product analytics.

л Implemented one complete product flow pairing with the senior developer, since the mobile
code, the backend code, until the database.

л Wrote, tested and improved code through code review done by 3 other senior teammates.

в Joined one driven technology studies, to learn a few new technologies like Angular and
improve Java knowledge.

EDUCATION

Computer Science Ч Bachelor Degree Feb 2021 - Jul 2024
Centro Universitario Wyden Unimetrocamp * Campinas, Brazil

Programming Fundamentals; Computer Architecture; Operating Systems; Database Management;
Software Engineering.

SystemТs Development Ч Technical Degree Feb 2018 - Feb 2021
Colegio Tecnico Da Unicamp Campinas * Campinas, Brazil

Object-Oriented Programming and Data structures; Databases; Web Development; Internet of
Things (loT); Mobile Applications.

CERTIFICATIONS

*л Google Project Management Ч Aug 2023 л AWS Certified Practiticioner Ч Oct 2022
SKILLS

л Java Ч Advanced л Git -Ч Advanced

л Angular Ч Advanced л AWS Ч Medium

в Typescript - Medium л RxJS Ч Advanced

л React/NextJs Ч Medium л NgRX Ч Advanced

в Spring Boot Ч- Medium л Jest + Testbed Ч Advanced
LANGUAGE

в English Ч Professional Proficiency л Portuguese Ч Native

