--- Page 1 ---
ve Onerennes Sr. NODE.JS DEVELOPER

www.Ongraph.com

ABOUT ME PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

lam deeply passionate about SENIOR DEVELOPER (2010 - present)

implementing solutions, using the .
knowledge and skills at my OnGraph Technologies . .
disoosal to ease out the | have stared development around 2010 and since then, working
P . professionally as a developer also as a mentor for providing inspiration for
challenges you may face in your many people. | have been using MEAN stack development from past 6

business.| am a really apt learner, years and also have special interest in ExpressJS, MongoDB.| keep myself
very keen on technology and updated with the latest technologies by following different blogs and

clients have access to superior
and customized business tools.

EDUCATION

BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING (2006 - 2010)

Node JS yyy] |

PROJECT EXPERIENCE

Angular JS
Javascript
NodeJS, AngularJS, Bootstrap, MongoDB
HTMLS Description: Innovate MR is a Survey Management system for
different customers and provides the Suppliers/Users. In
CSS Innovate MR Admin dashboard, there are functionality

for:
e Manage Jobs for a customer and Surveys
inside that Job

PERSONAL SKILLS Manage customers

Manage Suppliers
Communication Manage Survey end to end flow
Record all survey transactions, calculate cost
io. and profit based on each survey and generate
Organization
report
Creativity Pf | | |

API integration with third party providers

Responsibility A constant scaling and improvisation of
Architecture and DB is required to make
available secured and fast offerings promised.
A very complex and touch to bypass Sample
Validation has been implemented to ensure
offering of best quality panelists
APIs architecture in place allowing one to


--- Page 2 ---
make use of and integrate it's APIs with third
party apps
Now supports Innovate MR with Architect,
DevOps, Back-end development and QA
services for them

e Team Size - 2

e Role: Backend Developer

DOMAIN EXPERIENCE

Market Research Ly] | |
Data Analytics yy ||
~~
Finance yyy

~ Til

NodeJS, AngularJS, DynamoDB, Bootstrap

Description: Rantcell provides the easy to use dashboard which
manage cellular testing data for different providers

captured by Rantcell mobile app.

Features:
Identify zone with no coverage, drop calls, low
speed, latency and other vitals.
Rich graphical user interface for analysis and
reporting on test data.
View and analyse test data for multiple devices.
Remotely manage test devices and perform
online tracking.

Responsibility Created the website from scratch front end,
backend and API
Integrate design with templates, controllers and
integration with web services.

DATABASE EXPERIENCE Team Size - 2

Role : Backend Developer
MongoDB aaa
PostgresSQL yy ||
~ Til
MsSQL ]
Sqlite i

NodeJS, AngularJS, Bootstrap, MongoDB

Description: PureSpectrum is an intelligent marketplace for buyers
and sellers of online sample. As a team of engineers,
client advocates, and online sampling experts, it's
mission to reinvent how sample is bought and sold. It
can deliver any audience, anywhere, with excellent
quality, at a great price.

Responsibility e Using technologies like node.js, express.js,
mongodb, angularjs, redis, socket.io and PM2.

In this project there are three type of users-
Buyer, Supplier and Operator. We are providing
Api's end point to buyer and supplier.

e These users can access admin Ul according to

Copyright © 2008-2018. OnGraph Technologies Pvt. Ltd. sales@ongraph.com

--- Page 3 ---
Place - Noida

Date -

Copyright © 2008-2018. OnGraph Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

their roles. Have integrated other third parties
api's in this project as well.

Handling 7-8k requests per minutes at our
node.js server. To provide high performance we
have designed our infrastructure in micro
service based system. For high availability of
data we have used replica sets in mongodb
and for fast access of data we are using redis
db also.

Using AWS tools to deploy this project on
production, for version control system we have
used BitBucket ,for app monitoring we are using
Newrelic.

Integrated other third parties api's.

Team Size - 2

Role :Backend Developer

sales@ongraph.com

