--- Page 1 ---
Senior React Front-End Developer

https://www.sitscape.com/

Job Title: Senior React Front-End Developer
Job Type: Full Time
About SitScape

SitScape is a highly successful enterprise software company with a long list of Fortune 500 Enterprise
and Government customers.

SitScape’s award-winning Digital Enterprise Enablement Platform (DEEP) is a No-Code enterprise
software platform for rapid large-scale enterprise digital transformation and modernization with robust
automation. AI/ML-based analytics and no-code data visualization.

SitScape DEEP software enables very complex enterprise applications without coding and is at least 10
times faster to delivery than traditional coding-based approach.

Why SitScape?

Highly innovative and award-winning enterprise software product company
Opportunity of working alongside top talent

Highly collaborative environment to learn the most advanced technologies
High growth, profitable business - great career growth opportunity

Top pay in the industry with significant performance bonus awards

Very stable with existing long-term contracts with world’s largest customers
Great benefits on health insurance, 401K match, PTO etc.

Flexible working environment with remote working option

In-house training opportunities from other experts

Job Description:

The Front-End Developer will design and implement various interactive components of our enterprise
software platform, working in a team environment to develop dynamic and engaging user interface
elements and data visualizations.

Required Experience:

e 5+ years hands-on real-world experience developing web-based software

e =©Ability to work with a fast-paced, iterative development methodology

e Expert-level experience building interactive applications using DHTML/CSS/Ajax/JavaScript

e Experience with the Web architecture, MVC design patterns, OOP and unit testing

e Strong Hands-on experience with web framework such as React, Angular or Vue

e Familiar with features of ES6, CSS3, and HTML5

e Experience with modern React and core React concepts: e.g., functional components, state,
hooks, and the React lifecycle

e Proficient with TypeScript, RESTful APIs, Redux, and modern IDEs

e Experience with Node.js and npm

e Familiarity with browser testing and debugging

e Ideally have good experience with databases such as MySQL

SitScape

--- Page 2 ---
e Collaborate with back-end developers to improve usability

e In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and
deployment)

e Understanding of layout aesthetics

e Familiarity with software like Adobe Suite, Photoshop and content management systems

e An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment

e Excellent analytical and multitasking skills

e Version control such as GIT experience

e Must be proactive and take initiative

e Actively monitor industry innovations and best practices, and is proactive in interacting with
colleagues for continuous learning, idea sharing, training and discussion for improvements

e Collaborate to deliver work in a timely manner

e Good team working and communication skills

e BS/BA degree in Computer Science or relevant field

About Us:

SitScape is a highly successful enterprise software company headquartered at Tysons Corner, Virginia,
close to Washington D.C. with a long list of Fortune 500 Enterprise and Government customers.

SitScape’s award-winning Digital Enterprise Enablement Platform (DEEP) is a No-Code enterprise
software platform for rapid large-scale enterprise digital transformation and modernization with robust
automation. AI/ML-based analytics and rapid data visualization. DEEP software enables very complex
enterprise applications without coding and its 10 times faster than traditional code-based development
approach.

SitScape is an equal opportunity employer.

Send resume and statement of interest to: Human Resources (jobs@sitscape.com)


