--- Page 1 ---
As a machine learning engineer, | am passionate about using my skills and
knowledge to develop solutions to real-world problems and make a positive impact

Sujit Noronha on society

MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEER Education

Bachelor of Engineering Information Technology, Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues
College of Engineering, Mumbai

Details
Mumbai

India CGPA: 8.17
+917506000567

sujitnoronha@outlook.com .
Employment History

Machine Learning Engineer , Quantiphi, Mumbai

Links

Linkedin e Developed scripts to deploy cloud models in multiple regions across the

Github world. Utilized multi-threading to reduce the time taken by 60% for deploying

a multiple models.

e Worked with a client to develop multiple models for an lol-based device
to handle 5 Million monthly predictions. Trained edge-based models and
optimized them using TFlite and ONNX to decrease latency and model size
for edge-based devices.

e Developed scripts that used image processing and computer vision algorithms
to automatically identify and classify images based on their quality and
similarity. The scripts implemented algorithms to detect bad images, such as
those with low resolution, blurriness, or noise, and to group similar images into
classes. This solution reduced the manual effort and time required to create
and curate a large dataset of images. The resulting dataset was more reliable

Skills and consistent, and it facilitated downstream tasks such as training machine

Kaggle
Stack Overflow

Languages

English

Hindi

Python learning models or performing data analysis.

Deep Learning

Internships

Tensorflow
Machine Learning Engineer Intern , Quantiphi, Mumbai
e Developed models to recognize movie genres using their summaries.
Implemented a wide range of models which included LSTM networks and
transformers. Deployed the solution on the cloud using TensorFlow serving
to allow a seamless integration into client-side apps.
Docker e Worked on integrating CNN-based architectures to increase performance
on datasets. Experimented with hyper-parameter tuning using OPTUNA
and Keras tuner to help improve performance. Used TensorRT to decrease
inference time by models.

Machine Learning

Google Cloud Platform
INS
SQL

Cube Image Processing and Computer Vision Intern , Yozo Technologies, Mumbai

Django Worked on developing a solution to extract documents and visiting cards in an
Flask image and extract valuable information to help clients gain insights and customer
Pytorch details. The solution used a variety of computer vision, NER, and NLP, techniques,

. and a REST API back-end was created to integrate the solution with the application.
JavaScript

Vue.js

Projects

Pandas
Edge based Al video surveillance


--- Page 2 ---
Working on a fully automated system for video surveillance. Created edge models
for action recognition, object detection, face verification. Data from the cameras is
then transferred using a REST- API built using Django.

https://devfolio.co/projects/rimai-research-in-motion-be2f

Movie genre prediction using summaries

Trained a BERT based model to take in movie summaries and output the genres of
the movie. Used the hugging face library to train a BERT model. Used tensorflow
serving to optimize deployment.

Farm Easy

Developed for empowering and helping farmers it included a Video calling
service, Aadhar Card Verification for the farmers registration, A marketplace for
the sale of agricultural supplies, Qr code for accessing any inventory details
within the warehouse, Statistics of warehouse stock, Tracking delivery/ driver
status using GeoLocation , Websockets support for streaming sensor data.
https://devfolio.co/submissions/farm-easy-df91

Courses

Deep Learning Specialization, Coursera

Google Cloud Associate Certification, Google Cloud Platform
Tensorflow in Practice, Convolution Neural Networks, Coursera

Fundamentals of CUDA Computing using NUMBA, NVIDIA

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES AND
ACHIEVEMENTS

1st place in CRESENDO

1st Place at a hackathon conducted by Fr.CRCE,Bandra developed a Tourism based
application using Django and vue.js integrated with Google maps street view and
sentiment analysis for comment filtering. https://github.com/sujitnoronha/cresendo

2nd place at HACK-A-SOL

Developed a system for helping Blood Donation volunteers to seamlessly find
the nearest Donation camp. Created a Geo-location based filtering API using
geopy to sort the distances and display them on a map using google maps API.
Also included scheduling algorithm to select the best time slot for the donor
and X-ray detection of COVID-19 to ensure the safety of the blood donors.
https://github.com/sujitnoronha/hack_a sol 2021

2nd place at InnovateNSUT

Created an application for handling vaccinations in India. Integrated various
features such as Geo-Location, push- notifications, anomaly detection, Qr
code based entry system, Distance filtering API's, Web Sockets etc.
https://devfolio.co/submissions/staysafe-connect-1035

Finalist at Hackverse 2.0

Winner of the best Begineer Hack at a National level hackathon

organized by NIT-Suratkal. Created a deep learning based surveillance system.
https://devfolio.co/submissions/rimai-research-in-motion-be2f


