--- Page 1 ---
Tom

https://tomsoderling.github.io

Soderling

Profile

Experience

I’m a senior Xamarin certified mobile developer that is passionate about building apps that delight
people and make their lives better by meeting their needs. I’ve been using the Microsoft .NET
platform for 12 of its 15 years to build desktop, web, and most recently, cross platform mobile apps
for enterprise using the Microsoft technology stack + Xamarin in C#.

I think you'll find that | have strong interpersonal communication and leadership skills backed by an
enthusiastic attitude.

Senior Mobile Developer @ Mobile Composer; Minneapolis, MN - April 2016 - Feb 2017

As employee #1, | led the mobile development on our flagship product, Orchestrate, by designing and
implementing new features, fixing defects, mobile DevOps, and through POC projects using emerging
technology.

- Consumed and developed for our RESTful WebApi and SQL Server backend hosted on Azure.

- Using C# and Xamarin.Forms | was solely responsible for bringing the app to the Windows Universal
Platform (UWP) and into the Windows App Store for public adoption.

- Built an automated continuous iteration (Cl) build pipeline using Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS),
that re-signed and rebranded our app, performed automated UI tests using Xamarin Test Cloud, and
deployed to iOS and UWP for testers using Hockey App.

- Contributed UWP support for the open source NGraphics and NControl drawing libraries.
https://www.mcomposer.com/orchestrate/

Senior Mobile Consultant @ Zebra Technologies (Formerly ITR Mobility); Mendota Heights, MN
2013 - March 2016
As a consultant and lead developer, | designed and developed enterprise mobile app solutions using
iFactr (our mobile cross platform framework), Xamarin, and Microsoft technologies.
Work with UI designers and Business Analysts to translate functional requirements into code.
Select Project Experience:
Spaniel — 3 months
A health check for your RESTful service endpoints. Spaniel will interrogate your endpoints,
ensure they’re responding as expected, and capture response data for remote service mocking
Platforms: iOS and Android
Tech: Xamarin.Forms using XAML in MVVM pattern

mSTAR 4.0, by Medtronic - 9 months

MSTAR is a critical, high-revenue offline-capable field productivity app for about 3,000 company
sales reps that integrates with back-end systems for product sales and device registration. |
participated in the development effort of the largest MSTAR release since version 1.

Featured by Apple: iPad in Business - Medtronic

Platforms: iOS & Windows

Tech: C#, iFactr + Data Stack, Push Notifications, NUnit testing, Cl Builds via Jenkins

--- Page 2 ---
Education

Certifications

Skills

Publications

IRMS 360 Warehouse Management, by Upp -— 1 month

A complete, end-to-end supply chain & warehouse management app.
| was the lead developer of a project to port the existing Windows CE Warehouse Management
app to iPad leveraging our iFactr framework.
Platforms: iOS

G360 Service Manager, by Ecolab — 9 months
Offline-capable app for field associates performing service calls.

Lead developer of 6 person dev team for the “Manhattan” feature set. This Innovation Platforms

project was designed to allow field technicians to wirelessly interface with on-premise laundry
(OPL) dispensing systems to perform installation and service from their mobile device.

- Worked closely with UI Architect starting with initial design concept and wireframes

- Provided day-to-day technical direction and guidance based on extensive domain knowledge.
Mentored new project developers, performed regular code review sessions. Led sprint iteration
planning sessions. Shielded dev team from PM & director flak.
- Due to my ability to effectively communicate, | was the point person for handling any technical
issues between Ecolab and our internal iFactr Product Team back at HQ.

Platforms: Windows 7 and iOS

Tech: iFactr + in-house MVC Framework, C#, SAP SQL Anywhere 16, Automated unit testing

Software Engineer @ TASC (Formerly Benesyst Inc); Minneapolis, MN - 2009 - 2013
TASC is a third-party administrator (TPA) of employee benefits

- Build, troubleshoot, and enhance new and existing internal and external facing systems

- Design and develop web and desktop solutions using Microsoft technologies like ASP.Net,
WinForms, BizTalk, WCF Services, SQL Server. Select project experience available on request

Consultant @ Magenic - Delivery Center; Golden Valley, MN — 2006 - 2009

- Develop web, desktop, and corporate intranet solutions using Microsoft technologies

- Experience working with diverse clients and varying technologies like ASP Net, WinForms, CSLA
framework, SQL Server, EDI. Select project experience available on request

University of Wisconsin - Superior - B.S. Computer Science, 2006
Mesabi Range Community College, Virginia MN — A.A.S. Computer Programming, 2003

Three-time Xamarin Certified Mobile Developer (XCMD). Dates: 8/2016, 8/2015, 8/2014

Mobile: C#, Xamarin.Forms, Xamarin.iOS/Android, Prism MVVM, SQLite
DevOps: Automated Cl builds, deployment, and UI testing using Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS),
Xamarin Test Cloud, HockeyApp, Mobile Center (some)

IDE: Xamarin Studio, Visual Studio for Mac and Windows

Database: Microsoft SQL Server, SQLite

Source: Git, Microsoft TFS System, SVN

Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, OOP, OO Analysis and Design

Favorite Patterns: loC (Inversion of Control), MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel)

Mobile Development Blog: http://bit.ly/MobileAsMuse
Personal Apps

How Deep Is It?, iOS App Store

Pickster, iOS App Store


