--- Page 1 ---
Backend Developer Phone: (123) 456 78 99

Email: info@qwikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH eee EN ne:

linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama.

Objective

As a Backend Developer, responsible for providing administrative and analytic support to internal
and external constituents. Designs, modifies, develops, maintains, and implements data software
and tracking systems. Creating reports/dashboards, developing automated metrics dashboards of
key business metrics at requested frequencies, and providing ad-hoc data analysis.

Skills

C, C++, Python, JavaScript, MySQL, HTML, CSS, Cold Fusion, Mongo DB.

Work Experience

Backend Developer
ABC Corporation - December 2011 - April 2012

Database designed and developed for website career stage.

Data modeled tables and their relationships.

Developed stored procedures to prepopulate dropdown lists.

Developed User Registration Web Page employing HTML5 and PHP to implement Resume

upload with dropdown menus, checkboxes, Radio Buttons, Text Areas, and other input
controls.

Unit tested each component of the resume application.
Worked with phpMyAdmin tool web hosting platform.
Cleaned up existing data duplication and inconsistencies, with automation where possible.

Backend Developer
Delta Corporation - 2006 - 2011

Dealt with designing and managing about 350-400 websites in the college of ACES in UIUC
-Upkeep and modification of code so that they are up to date -.

Developed a Magento extension for tracking customer activity and products information on e-
commerce websites.

This information was then sent to a Dashboard via REST API for business trend analysis.
Technologies used PHP, MySQL, Magento, and REST technologies.

HEB Back End Restructure of the Purchases Order and Vendor Order.

Modifying ORACLE Database store procedures, triggers, and views on PL/SQL Developer which
they were in charge of inserting, modifying, deleting.

Designed and implemented a Model-View-Controller-based Java web application with Guice-
injected Thrift services backed by Amazon S3 Authenticated.

Education

GED

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines


