--- Page 1 ---
JOHN H. SMITH

P.O. Box 1673 Callahan, FL 32011 800.991.5187 * info@greatresumesfast.com
LinkedIn Profile: www.linkedin.com/in/jhs123/

GIS Developer

Top-performing Geospatial software developer and architect who designs and implements innovative IT solutions that enhance
customer satisfaction and drive business growth

Architectural Strategy | IT Solutions Leader | Technical Versatility & Depth
~Available for Relocation~

Analytical and highly technical hands-on solutions Geospatial (GIS) Software Engineer with a strong ability to engage IT teams, learn
new systems, analyze data, manage large-scale technical issues, and optimize site architecture. IT leader who bridges the gap
between business and technology with solutions that transform technology into usable services while maintaining solution and
architectural integrity. Thrives on challenge and works well under pressure, with technical expertise to learn new environments quickly,
locate inefficiencies in code, and provide quick solutions with project management skills that drive a quality software development
process forward.

¢ Software Development @ Product Management ¢ Defect Management
Data Modeling ¢ Spatial Analysis @ System Architecture & Design
¢ Agile Methodologies # Quality Management @ Requirements Analysis

Professional Highlights

e Technical savvy professional who consistently expands knowledge of new technology—expertise in EX/Web
Development, Geospatial Application Logic, Geospatial Web Services, and Enterprise Database Architecture.

e Expertise in building high-performance solutions, and managing large-scale and aggressive technical projects, including a
multimillion-dollar enterprise-level Geospatial (GIS) application to support the Regional CAD Interoperability project (RCIP) of
New Windsor in conjunction with the Department of Homeland Security and MIT Home Labs.

e Honored with Graduate Program Scholarship Award for exceptional academic work in maintaining a GPA of 4.20 during
Master’s program in Geographic Information Systems (GIS) from the State University.

Technology and Platform Knowledge

Operating Systems: Windows, Linux

Development Environments: — Eclipse, Visual Studio, Microsoft Blend, Adobe Edge Tools

Languages: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Java, Python, Visual C#, XAML

Database Tools: Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Hibernate

Source Control: Subversion (SVN), Sonatype Nexus

Performance Analysis: Web Performance Load Tester

APIs and Frameworks: ExtJS, OpenLayers, GeoServer, ArcGIS, Apache Maven, Spring Framework, Liferay Portal, JBoss BRMS,

Apache Solr, Silverlight

Professional Experience

Streamline—New Windsor, AZ (February 2010—Present)
LEAD GEOSPATIAL (GIS) SOFTWARE ENGINEER

Technical Roadmaps | Geospatial Software Solutions Expert | Multimillion-Dollar Projects

Top-performing Geospatial Software Engineer with consistent promotional career track consistently sought out to engineer geospatial
solutions for products. Subject matter leader who drives accelerated growth of the company’s core GIS services and provides cutting-
edge architectural solutions for scalable software projects. Lead architectural and strategic direction for delivering IT solutions while
aligning technology roadmaps to the client's business strategy with expertise in Geospatial web services, application logic, and
enterprise database systems.

e Improved system performance and functionality through cutting-edge design strategy for an enterprise database system—

established standards for database operations, programming, and security.

1| Page

--- Page 2 ---
JOHN H. SMITH

800.991.5187 * info@greatresumesfast.com

e Architectural leader in the design of Geospatial products and solutions; responsible for producing multimillion-dollar software
solutions for various government agencies; ensured compatibility, designed system requirements, and developed
specifications.

e Developed cutting-edge web services applications and iPad applications for the St. Louis County Sheriffs department—
new system provided real-time data to the system to track patrol unit location.

e Pioneered the first-ever CAD dispatching portal that included development of the Common Regional Operating Picture
(CROP) application; application provided locations for emergency resources to speed up response time and expand coverage
areas.

e Trusted advisor to top executive team and recognized for leading complex projects that achieved cost-effective results from
concept through implementation.

e Developed a CAD and GIS interoperability project using post-Hurricane Katrina to track availability of emergency resources in
a real time application for New Windsor public safety agencies to streamline coordinated response to emergency situations.

e Exceptionally creative and entrepreneurially-minded professional who utilizes creative solutions to ensure professional
development.

Texas & Lakeview—Las Vegas, NV (April 2007—January 2009)
GEOSPATIAL ANALYST, Research Group

GIS Analysis | Automated Processes | Growth Opportunities

Provided GIS analysis for potential real estate initiatives—identified growth opportunities through the development and implementation

of complex geospatial analysis by utilizing a Relational Database Management system (RDBMS) for geospatial data storage. Worked
cross-functionally across a variety of disciplines including operations and research.

e Spearheaded the development of a project-racking solution using ASP.net, AJAX, and SQL server to increase project tracking

and enhance task automation—solution maximized client productivity and eliminated project overlap.

e Increased client satisfaction by 45% for each specialty area and increased brand awareness up to 70% through the
application of marketing strategies, developing a tracking system to monitor progress, and researching new analysis
techniques.

e Increased analysis requests by 95% through the development and implementation of complex geospatial analysis—built a
solution to analyze large, complex datasets and automated reporting and documentation.
Simon Ellis (SE)—Las Vegas, NV (April 2001—April 2007)
SENIOR MAPPING SPECIALIST

Client-Stakeholder Management | Complex GIS Analysis | System Roadmap

Led nationwide GIS services for a $3-billion multinational commercial real estate services firm. Directed geospatial projects for 15
Offices across the U.S. that included business needs assessment, project management, formulation of analytical testing, workload
management, and exceptional customer service.

e Reduced project development processing time by 90% through strategic use of assessment and analytical testing.

e Identified project improvements through business requirement analysis and recommendation for a matrix output for multi-
variant analysis.

EARLY CAREER: GIS Technician/Cartographer—State University—Chad, Research Foundation

Education

Master's degree in Geographic Information Systems (GIS) with emphasis in Software Development—State University

Bachelor's degree in Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and Cartography—Brown State University—Chad

2|Page

