--- Page 1 ---
CV/ML Engineer for 3D Digital Humans (x/f/m) - Remote,
Worldwide

Who are we?

Meshcapade is the 3D digital human company. We are creating realistic human avatars for
use in apparel, games, fitness, AI, and augmented reality. Using machine learning and
computer vision, we model the nuances of human body shape and movement. We
automatically convert photos, 3D & 4D scans, RGB-D sequences, Mocap and even words into
realistic 3D humans. We are a spin-off from the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems
in Tiibingen, Germany and our products are powered by state of the art, patented research.
Our core product, Meshcapade Me, is an online platform for the creation, animation, and use
of 3D digital humans. Our clients run the gamut of global names; a broad mix of tech, media,
health and fitness, apparel, and education.

You will be involved in Meshcapade’s internal and external collaborative initiatives.
Meshcapade has an ongoing research and collaboration partnership with Max Planck Institute
allowing us to participate in cutting edge R&D on statistical body modelling, body shape &
motion estimation methods, and neural representation of bodies in digital worlds.

What you will be doing:

e Work and research on new generative models, neural methods and transformer for 3D
humans in motion

e Participate in ongoing research projects with external research partners and help define
new research initiatives

e Coordinate with the engineering teams to automate and productize latest research,
both internal and collaborative

e Define the technical direction on evaluation methods, improvements and further
development of software using the machine learning and NNs

Who you are:

e Solid understanding of 3D computer vision, deep learning, and training new machine
learning models for human motion, behavior & interaction estimation and modelling

e 5+ years experience developing in Python and/or C++

e Master’s or PhD degree in computer science or related field

e Proven track record of publications on topics related to generative models, neural
methods and transformer for 3D humans in motion

e Strong understanding of computer vision, graphics and machine learning

e Excellent written and oral communication skills
Bonus Skills

e Demonstrable experience with the SMPL family of statistical models

Diversity isn’t just a statement at Meshcapade, it sits at the core of the company.

We believe in the diversity of thought because we appreciate that this makes us stronger.
Therefore, we encourage applications from everyone who can offer their unique experience to
our collective achievements.

Apply here: job@neckar-hub.com

Your contact person is Naureen Mahmood

--- Page 2 ---
We are looking forward to receiving your application!

