--- Page 1 ---
matheswaarans@gqmail.com

Matheswaaran S 1919025923103

Full stack Developer Website + Github + LinkedIn « Medium

About Me

With over 4 years of experience as a fullstack developer, I've built and worked on a variety of projects from
Chennai to Denver, Colorado. | have been working in agile development, closely with the Design, Backend, and
QA teams. | have a strong background in web application analysis, development, deployment, and debugging.

Notable Projects

e Avalara: AP! Documentation & developer guides for Avalara’s APIs and SDKs using Next.js, React
TailwindCSS and Swagger.

e Edison: Multiple PMS integrations into Edison’s backend using Node.js, Google cloud and Cloud functions

e Testpress: Features for validating exams and assignments using Javascript, Tailwind CSS, Python and
Django.

e OroCorp: An admin app for managing gold loans, agents and customers using React.js, TailwindCSS, Hasura
and GraphQL.

Experience

Independent Freelance Developer

Chennai | Mar 2022 - Present

e Worked on 13+ contracts and freelance projects within a year.

e Collaborated with clients to determine project requirements and delivered high-quality results within
deadline and budget constraints.
Developed and maintained web applications & REST APIs using React.js, Node.js, Next.js & Postgres.
Managed multiple projects simultaneously and effectively prioritized tasks to meet deadlines.
Communicated regularly with clients to ensure project satisfaction and addressed any issues or concerns.

Senior Developer - Testpress

Chennai | Nov 2021 - Mar 2022
Developed and maintained testpress features using Django, Python and Javascript.
Implemented Unit testing and achieved test coverage of 80%.

e Collaborated with sales & marketing teams and customers to derive requirements and built features based
on them.

Developer - NFN Labs

Chennai | Jun 2018 - Nov 2021

Developed and maintained web applications using React, Next.js, Node.js, Hasura & Postgres.

Implemented CI/CD for both frontend and backend using Netlify, Bitbucket pipelines.

Setup AWS servers using Nginx for Web Apps, backend APIs and Hasura.

Collaborated with cross-functional teams and clients to deliver high-quality products on tight deadlines.
Projects Worked on: Avalara, Kera, Monday Monk, Toy Around, Learn with Breadcrumb, Monument Universe,
Orocorp, Kaching & Vookmark

--- Page 2 ---
Education

B.Tech Information Technology - PSNA College of Engineering and Technology
Dindigul | Jun 2014 - May 2018

Passed out CGPA: 7.28 (72.8%)

Skills
HTMLS5, CSS, Js Node.js Postgres
React.js, Nextjs Hasura AWS services
Netlify REST APls & GraphQL GCP services
Git Firebase

Achievements

e Won lst Prize for the Indian Govt's Smart India Hackathon 2k18 with 1 lakh cash.
e Selected and funded for the Indian Govt's Smart India Hackathon 2k17

